.TH PKPGCOUNTER "1" "July 2004" "C@LL - Conseil Internet & Logiciels Libres" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pkpgcounter \- PyKota script to count pages in PostScript, PDF, PCL5, PCL6 and ESC/P2 documents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pkpgcounter
.RI file1
.RI file2
.RI ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B pkpgcounter
command.
.PP
\fBpkpgcounter\fP is a convenience script provided by pykota that attempts
to count the number of pages in a DSC compliant PostScript, PDF, PCL5, 
PCL6 (aka PCLXL) or ESC/P2 document. Binary PostScript is also supported but through 
GhostScript, which is launched if needed. This may be of use as an external accounter as defined in 
/etc/pykota/pykota.conf, since currently \fBpkpgcounter\fP is the smarter 
software accounter included with PyKota.

\fBpkpgcounter\fP with no argument reads the job's data from stdin, and prints
the number of pages on stdout. 

\fBpkpgcounter\fP accepts any number of filenames as its arguments, and also the
special argument '-' in place of stdin. With multiple arguments it prints
the total number of pages of all the documents.

For further information, see the HTML documentation that came with the pykota
package, found in /usr/share/doc/pykota/html/.

.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
.PP
Please e-mail bugs to: Jerome Alet - alet@librelogiciel.com

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Jerome Alet.
